rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Recovery phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Recovery phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Seizure	 Recovery phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Acute phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Recovery phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Recovery phase
rotavirus gastroenteritis	Control	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Seizure	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Acute phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Recovery phase
influenza A(H1N1)pdm09	Control	 Recovery phase